Hello Su Yizawa
I invested so much money because I trusted you
And they're fighting for this land.
Now something goes wrong.
I just found out later that it was you who did it.
Mr. Qin, can you be more rational?
I have no reason to do so.
What's in it for me to do this?
Again
Is it possible for me to be jealous of a woman?
I don't care.
You must get rid of the land problem as soon as possible
Solved it for me
Otherwise I will tell my father
I believe you.
Even the prince of Jinling will have a headache
Shoot hard
I don't want to provoke either
You know it
Damn Yechen
By that kind of 30,000
Must be inherited
But the full moon still has some appetite
Lanting, let's coax Ruoxue first